[CoSimulationApplication] Minor correction in README documentation (#10375)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: applications/CoSimulationApplication/README.md

- **IO**: Responsible for communicating and data exchange with external solvers/codes
- **DataTransferOperator**: Transfers data from one discretization to another, e.g. by use of mapping techniques
- **CouplingOperation**: Tool for customizing coupled simulations

> - **ConvergenceAccelerator**: Accelerating the solution in strongly coupled simulations by use of Jacobian-free or Quasi-Newton techniques

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ConvergenceAccelerator**: Accelerating the solution in strongly coupled simulations by use of relaxation or Quasi-Newton techniques
```
As far as I know there are no Jacobian-free techniques implemented. However, there is an Aitken relaxation convergence accelerator.

Author: @pooyan-dadvand this is what I suggested

Reviewer 2: @rubenzorrilla knows better than me this part. So I would apply his suggestion

Nevertheless, conceptually, I don't understand why we have relaxations under convergence accelerator....

> - **ConvergenceAccelerator**: Accelerating the solution in strongly coupled simulations by use of Jacobiaan-free or Quasi-Newton techniques

Author: ```suggestion
- **ConvergenceAccelerator**: Accelerating the solution in strongly coupled simulations by use of Jacobian-free or Quasi-Newton techniques
```
